This is a task from Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate capstone unit that the task is: Welcome to the Cyclistic bike-share analysis case study! In this case study, you will perform many real-world tasks of a junior
data analyst. You will work for a fictional company, Cyclistic, and meet different characters and team members. In order to
answer the key business questions, you will follow the steps of the data analysis process: ask, prepare, process, analyze,
share, and act. Along the way, the Case Study Roadmap tables — including guiding questions and key tasks — will help you
stay on the right path.
By the end of this lesson, you will have a portfolio-ready case study. Download the packet and reference the details of this
case study anytime. Then, when you begin your job hunt, your case study will be a tangible way to demonstrate your
knowledge and skills to potential employers.

Scenario
You work as a junior data analyst for the Chicago-based bike-sharing startup Cyclistic's marketing analyst team. The company's future success, in the opinion of the marketing director, hinges on expanding the number of yearly subscriptions. Therefore,
Your team is interested in seeing how annually renewed members and casual riders utilize Cyclistic bikes differently. These insights lead to
Your team will create a fresh marketing plan to turn occasional riders into yearly subscribers. First, though, Cyclic executives must endorse your suggestions, thus they must be supported with convincing data insights and expert data  visualizations.

Personalties and teams:

A bike-share scheme with more than 5,800 bicycles and 600 docking stations is called Cyclistic. Cyclistic establishes itself apart by also offering reclining bikes, hand tricycles, and cargo bikes, making bike-share more inclusive to people with
disabilities and riders who can’t use a standard two-wheeled bike. The majority of riders opt for traditional bikes; about
8% of riders use the assistive options. Cyclistic users are more likely to ride for leisure, but about 30% use them to
commute to work each day.

Lily Moreno: The director of marketing and your manager.
Cyclistic marketing analytics team: A team of data analysts who are responsible for collecting, analyzing, and
reporting data that helps guide Cyclistic marketing strategy. 
Cyclistic executive team: The notoriously detail-oriented executive team will decide whether to approve the
recommended marketing program.

And Moreno has set a clear goal: Design marketing strategies aimed at converting casual riders into annual members. In order to
do that, however, the marketing analyst team needs to better understand how annual members and casual riders differ, why
casual riders would buy a membership, and how digital media could affect their marketing tactics. Moreno and her team are
interested in analyzing the Cyclistic historical bike trip data to identify trends.

So, my summary of thought was: download the data from the archives given, organize, clean and sort them, and then analyze them

